TAid Personas and User Stories

  Personas

    1 - Paquinho, a 35 year-old computer science TA. He has been at this for a few years and as a result he
  thinks he has a good process for everything. He won't willingly give up his way of doing things, so
  any software intended to help with usual TA tasks would have to be easy to use and clearly save time,
  otherwise he won't use it.
  He is comfortable with technology but dislikes spending time fiddling with his phone.
  He finds dealing with marking cumbersome, especially when team marks have to be recorded, so he would
  welcome an application that makes this process easy.

    2 - Marina, a 22 year-old computer science undergraduate TA. Marina is a first-time TA who is enthusiastic
  and eager to learn and do a good job, but also worried that maintaining a grip on the administrative
  parts of her work may prove difficult. She would like an application that makes it easy for her to 
  keep track of her weekly duties, maintain her marks, make short notes and reminders of what she needs
  to do for the week, and send her marks to the course instructor.
  She is quite comfortable and in fact prefers working on her smartphone. 

    3 - Mina, a 40 year-old computer science professor. Mina is a teaching stream faculty member who has plenty
  of experience teaching large classes. Her courses often contain team-oriented projects, so she has to
	organize, manage, and keep track of large numbers of student teams. At the same time she has to deal with
	large numbers of TAs, provide them with schedules and timely reminders of what they are teaching
	each week, keep track of marks, make sure no inconsistencies arise during the term due to mistakes in
	capturing group-work marking results, and ensure everything runs smoothly. Her courses often require
	students to work during supervised lab sessions, and part of the marking happens there, so she needs an
	application that will allow her TAs to quickly and easily record marks during the lab with a minimum of
	effort.
	Mina is very comfortable with technology and always willing to try new tools that may help her teaching,
	may save her time, or may provide her students with a better learning experience.
	
    4 - Gopher, a 45 year-old computer science professor. Gopher is a research stream faculty member with plenty
  of teaching experience. While his teaching load is often lighter than teaching stream faculty, this term
	he has been put in charge of coordinating a large, second-year computer science class across the three
	campuses of UofT. He will have to make sure instructors across the three campuses are in sync, he will
	prepare the outline for the course, coordinate the creation of content including lectures, assignments,
	exercises, and labs between the instructors, and make sure everyone is aware of what is going on with
	the course at all times. In addition, he is responsible for organizing a large team of TAs for his own
	section of the course, and making sure all of that runs smoothly.
	With research to be done, graduate students to supervise, and grants to write. Gopher needs help making
	all of the above easy.
	He is not fond of smartphones, which he considers gizmos, and would rather do everything from them
	comfort of his trusty Linux box. 
